buelach another episode of the series
cooking with guri recipes for you
Gaucho apartment and today I go
drive to a typical dish of the rio grande
lamb and barbecue shot this
recipe is so complex that in the end I
I also teach the filter that everything is
use
there is no need to do the self the carter
Let's go to the ingredients I used to
make this delicacy two cups of rice
normal rice does not need to be paralyzed
not caramelised
abnormal nor does the competition require a dt
chopped garlic and followed the chopped
I'll stay then a big onion
chopped green pear to taste and a hop
also to the must two tablespoons of
oil I do not know oil soup at all
case a boiled egg to put the end
mincemeat on top of the designer dish
charm mexico
the step forgetting the principal nor
I got the riches and black pepper
after giving a pinch it means the
main dish is the barbecue from yesterday
What are you going to sting and use on?
today's road will begin.
I do not have the water to boil to make
My rice already has some eggs for the kitchen.
while my eyes are cooking we
Let's prepare the wagon here in this
iron pot to get more baguá
in the first thing to make two spoons
oil or two tablespoons of oil in the
Iron pot one here plus another and
now it 's time to say that being me
To leave, he questioned a short pan.
it's warming up
We'll put the arzinho here and I'll
chopped or chopped
It's all in my heart.
Fantasy look what I found here too
a large second onion is already
totally chopped up a bit
salt
forgotten not to be that the highwayman is already
salty né
cross the meat from yesterday's barbecue
It's a little saura
So let's put a little bit of
Now we're going to refrain now that
assure uelliton and fry I'll put
carlos and now I will also put a
little pepper is to make a little taste
looks just that by far the toquinho of
Pepper was just a face, that's it.
now I'm going to fry this face an area well
just in the face of barbecue that thing
file and it's time to put rice
Look, my car is taking a body.
look at that here a good arrozinho stirred
then he looks to vote for water already tá
boiling it is ready for water
also look what a beautiful thing that this
conquest
now just put so much here
Leave a little squeeze stir this is the
secret and now wait for our car
ready pink guitar too for the day at
day care center to switch off my future here
it is ready to be turned but
look at that beauty that was creepy from
Barbecue belt can even kill the
increments here to mount the
blue whiting used up to
grated cheese is possible there and the marc barr
Marina goes crazy with mouth watering and today
now if you have not learned to make a
barbada 10 in the next episode of the series
Guri Kitchen I'll teach you how to do
know popcorn electronics
encompasses do not think that life I leave
I'm going to savor this my hair is the
bucket